---
layout: post
title: "Do it!"
categories: self
permalink: doit
---

This article I write in English to follow the spirit of the title. And before you read I want to admit that my english is bad. So if I have some mistakes hope you help me to improve.

> I'm just not going to settle for anything, you know?<br/>
> -Future

We can't know what will come, we can't aware of the future. The only thing we can control is present. So we have to prepare the best for any cases.<br/>
However, we have to do it anyway so the sooner we prepare, the easier we can handle it. And now is the perfect time, It isn't tomorrow, next week, next months. It's now to learn some things, to try some things, to do some things.

Some people they are waiting for the right time. But the fact is it never happens to a waiter. There are nothing is "right time" exist in this world for the waiter. Want it? Start brainstorming, start learning, start investing, start working then it's will come totally natural. And don't be scared of lack experience. Because the purpose of doing is to gain experience. If everybody on this world started any things with experience then we will never have electricity, computer, even light...

> What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything? <br/>
> -Vincent van Gogh

# Youth!

> The youth is the hope of our future.<br/>
> -Jose Rizal

Guys, we are young, we have times, we have energies, we have opportunities, stop watching TV, stop playing video games, stop hanging out, stop flirting, stop Facebook, stop Instagram...It's just make your life darker. Go out there do some things, do everything we want, everything we are thinking about. Even it's ridiculous. Fuck people, Fuck criticisms...<br/>
Nobody really cares about us, They just good at making comments, in fact, they scare, they scare that we will do it, will succeed with it, They just try to pull we down. So just do it, show them how strong we are, show them what efforts can do.

# What really pulled we back?

Mostly, It's ourselves. We pushed ourselves out of success, we convinced ourselves to stop doing, we are our own enemy. I realized that whenever I consider between do or not it often means "not". It just means "do" when I do it immediately without wondering. Like when I was trying to generate some ideas for my article. It didn't come when my hand on my forehead and my back landing on the bed. It just comes when I start writing, a fun fact that I didn't know what I was writing but the ideas just flow out of my head.<br/>
So we need to get out of the comfort zone, to keep do things whether it is boring or not . When we overcome ourselves, nothing can stop us from being success.

# Passion or Success?

I went to a conference last week about success. In the conference, an audience asked the speaker that which success or passion have first? I was very surprised with the answer "success". He said, "When you get success in some things, you start to like it, and then if you continue to succeed, the passion comes out". And what created success?

> The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.<br/>
> -Lao Tzu

# We only live once.

We just have one life, one youth, we are not able to waste it. We have to do some things for the world. It's really selfish if we just grow, earn, spend, learn, play but not bring any value for the world. Do you think it's a mediocre life? Will you live a life like that? Will you die in vain? No, We are more than that. We are some things to this world.

# My confession!

I was and am a weak, lazy, dumb.. man. But I'm struggling with it, I learn every day, I read every day, I work hard everyday... I want to be a great father, I want to be a good person, I want to become a successful entrepreneur, I want help people... I know success doesn't seek anyone so I have to seek it myself and I believe you either, you want to be something in life, you want to make value for society... Therefore I'd like you with me, together we make life valid, we write best-seller book, we achieve Nobel prize, we save the Earth, and... we MAKE VIET NAM GREAT AGAIN!
